Add hint to run production build when trying to upload source maps locally (#7253)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/upload/vite/javascript.mdx

  ],
});
```

<Note>

> The Sentry Vite plugin does not upload source maps in watch-mode/development-mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Vite plugin doesn't upload source maps in watch-mode/development-mode.
```
